
 1.MOVIE TICKET CALCULATION: 
In a multiplex theatre, there is a discount scheme announced where one gets a 10% discount on the total cost of tickets when there is a bulk booking of more than 20 
tickets, and a discount of 2% on the total cost of tickets if a special coupon card is submitted. Develop a program to find the total cost as per the scheme. 
The cost of the king class ticket is Rs.75 and queen class is Rs.150. Refreshments can also be opted by paying an additional of Rs. 50 per member. 
Hint: k-king and q-queen and You have to book minimum of 5 tickets and maximum of 40 at a time. If fails display "Minimum of 5 and Maximum of 40 Tickets". 
If circle is given a value other than 'k' or 'q' the output should be "Invalid Input". 
The ticket cost should be printed exactly to two decimal places. 

Sample Input 1: Enter the no of ticket:35 
                Do you want refreshment: y 
                Do you have coupon code: y 
                Enter the circle: k 
Sample Output 1: Ticket cost:4065.25 
Sample Input 2: Enter the no of ticket:1 
Sample Output 2: Minimum of 5 and Maximum of 40 Tickets 


2. Find and Replace:
Santhosh a famous news editor, has daily responsibility of deciding which news stories are printed in the paper. 
Before that he wants to verify all the words are spelled in a right way. In case of any misspelled word found, he has to replace it throughout the document
without any fail. Santhosh needs an application to make his find and replace job easier. 
Implement the given scenario and code accordingly. Refer the samples for read and display the data. 
[Search and replace should be case sensitive. Input can contain words separated by space and full stop.] 

Sample Input 1: 
Enter the string: 
Have a good day 
Enter the word to be searched: 
good 
Enter the word to be replaced: 
nice 
Sample Output 1: 
Have a nice day 
Sample Input 2: 
Enter the string: 
Have a good day 
Enter the word to be searched: 
nice 
Enter the word to be replaced: 
nice 
Sample Output 2: 
The word nice not found 
Sample Input 3: 
Enter the string: 
Google PlayStore is a digital distribution service operated and developed by Google. 
Enter the word to be searched: 
Google 
Enter the word to be replaced: 
Yahoo 
Sample Output 3: 
Yahoo PlayStore is a digital distribution service operated and developed by Yahoo
